Add `POST_COMPUTE_TOO_LONG_RESULT_FILE_NAME` details (#175)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/your-first-app.md

{% endhint %}

> {% hint style="warning" %}

Reviewer: I would rather put this limitation in `for-developers/applications-io.md` with a link to those limitations across all tutorials.
What do you think ?

Author: Thanks for the idea. This limitation is indeed better suited in `application.md`. Here is the fix: https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation/pull/175/commits/988526ac6216e4945c067f4463eb2ca5af4334db.
BTW, I don't think a link in the other tutorials is required. In tutorials, we should strive to provide people with the essential to make them easy to follow. Our current point is not mandatory for an app to run. It's more of an edge case for advanced users - who would probably read the whole documentation.

> iExec platform currently only supports result files whose name doesn't exceed 31 characters. Please ensure your files name respects this limit. Otherwise, the app execution on iExec will fail.

Reviewer 2: I feel weird with "files name" and the "s" of "respects" (?)

Author: Thanks for pointing out this line. It seems that the more English sentence would be the following:
```suggestion
iExec platform currently only supports result files whose name doesn't exceed 31 characters. Please ensure your file names respect this limit. Otherwise, the app execution on iExec will fail.
```
